this is what constitutes as playtime for
these children in El refugee camp in
central Gaza congregating around a
makeshift Cemetery where their loved
ones have been buried their names
written on the
wall my father was killed and we were
not able to recover his body for days
when we finally pulled out his body we
were not able to bury him finally We
buried my father in the schoolyard many
dead bodies were left lying in the
streets for days they were de composed
and eaten Away by cats and dogs this is
not
life rights groups estimate that around
25,000 Palestinian children have become
orphans since Israel's latest military
campaign began on October
7th the situation is so appalling that a
new acronym has been coined unique to
the besieged strip WC NSF wounded child
no surviving family medical staff at the
camp are doing what they can
with the few resources
available many children were hit by
dehydration and a nourishment many are
suffering from diarrhea and vomiting
because of contaminated water we help
them with whatever IV Solutions
available the war is damaging
Palestinian kids everywhere the physical
scars are obvious but the mental damage
is invisible they are left to deal with
their
trauma at my uncle's house and we were
all hungry my father said he would go to
our home to get flour it took him a long
time by the time they reached home the
house was hit by a missile after a while
a young man said my father and Uncle
were killed the next day their bodies
were pulled out totally disfigured We
buried them in the Schoo
yard a generation of Palestinian kids in
mourning and left to face their future
alone R Lan Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler